Tesseract  and doc updates (#367)
polytope-labs/hyperbridge: modules/pallets/token-gateway/README.md

## Overview

> The Pallet allows the [`CreateOrigin`](https://docs.rs/pallet-token-gateway/15.1.1/pallet_token_gateway/pallet/trait.Config.html#associatedtype.CreateOrigin) to dispatch calls for setting token gateway addresses, creating and updating assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pallet allows the [`CreateOrigin`](https://docs.rs/pallet-token-gateway/latest/pallet_token_gateway/pallet/trait.Config.html#associatedtype.CreateOrigin) to dispatch calls for setting token gateway addresses, creating and updating assets.
```
